BIKE
BIKE OF
BIKE OF FOOD
BIKE OF FOOD INTO
BIKE OF FOOD INTO YOUR
MOUTH
MOUTH ABSOLUTELY
BIKE OF FOOD INTO YOUR
MOUTH ABSOLUTELY NEEDS.
WE
WE ARE
MOUTH ABSOLUTELY NEEDS.
WE ARE THINKING
WE ARE THINKING MORE
ABOUT
ABOUT WHAT
WE ARE THINKING MORE
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE PUTTING
IN
IN HER
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE PUTTING
IN HER BODY
IN HER BODY IF
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE PUTTING
IN HER BODY IF YOU'RE
IN HER BODY IF YOU'RE NO
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE PUTTING
IN HER BODY IF YOU'RE NOT
WATCHING
WATCHING YOUR
IN HER BODY IF YOU'RE NOT
WATCHING YOUR FOOD
YOU'RE
YOU'RE MAKING
WATCHING YOUR FOOD
YOU'RE MAKING SUCH
YOU'RE MAKING SUCH A
WATCHING YOUR FOOD
YOU'RE MAKING SUCH A YOU
HUGE
HUGE ESTATE
YOU'RE MAKING SUCH A YOU
HUGE ESTATE --
HUGE ESTATE -- WASHING
THIS
THIS IS
HUGE ESTATE -- WASHING
THIS IS A
THIS IS A SALAD
HUGE ESTATE -- WASHING
THIS IS A SALAD SPINNER
ON
ON STEROIDS
THIS IS A SALAD SPINNER
ON STEROIDS RIGHT?
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: EXACTLY!
ON STEROIDS RIGHT?
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! >>GUES
BECAUSE
BECAUSE YOU
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! >>GUES
BECAUSE YOU DON'T
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! >>GUES
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE B
TO
TO DO
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE B
TO DO NOTHING
TO DO NOTHING EASY
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE B
TO DO NOTHING EASY TO
OPERATE
OPERATE BUT
TO DO NOTHING EASY TO
OPERATE BUT IT
OPERATE BUT IT IS
TO DO NOTHING EASY TO
OPERATE BUT IT IS SO
IMPORTANT
IMPORTANT FOR
OPERATE BUT IT IS SO
IMPORTANT FOR YOU
IMPORTANT FOR YOU OUT
THERE
THERE IF
IMPORTANT FOR YOU OUT
THERE IF YOU
THERE IF YOU GET
IMPORTANT FOR YOU OUT
THERE IF YOU GET SALAD
ALREADY
ALREADY PREWASH
THERE IF YOU GET SALAD
ALREADY PREWASH LIKE
ALREADY PREWASH LIKE ALR
THIS
THIS ON
ALREADY PREWASH LIKE ALR
THIS ON HERE
THIS ON HERE DO
ALREADY PREWASH LIKE ALR
THIS ON HERE DO SEE
THIS ON HERE DO SEE THAT
ALREADY PREWASH LIKE ALR
THIS ON HERE DO SEE THAT?
TRY
TRY TO
THIS ON HERE DO SEE THAT?
TRY TO PUT
TRY TO PUT THAT
THIS ON HERE DO SEE THAT?
TRY TO PUT THAT IN
TRY TO PUT THAT IN A
THIS ON HERE DO SEE THAT?
TRY TO PUT THAT IN A  T
BIG
BIG BUCKET
TRY TO PUT THAT IN A  T
BIG BUCKET OF
BIG BUCKET OF WATER
TRY TO PUT THAT IN A  T
BIG BUCKET OF WATER AND
YOU'LL
YOU'LL SEE
BIG BUCKET OF WATER AND
YOU'LL SEE HOW
YOU'LL SEE HOW MUCH
BIG BUCKET OF WATER AND
YOU'LL SEE HOW MUCH SAND
AND
AND HOW
YOU'LL SEE HOW MUCH SAND
AND HOW MUCH
AND HOW MUCH BADLY
YOU'LL SEE HOW MUCH SAND
AND HOW MUCH BADLY THEY
ARE
ARE WASHED.
AND HOW MUCH BADLY THEY
ARE WASHED.  WHY?
ARE WASHED.  WHY? ARE
AND HOW MUCH BADLY THEY
ARE WASHED.  WHY? ARE WA
BECAUSE
BECAUSE THEY
ARE WASHED.  WHY? ARE WA
BECAUSE THEY WASHED
BECAUSE THEY WASHED IT
ALL
ALL IN
BECAUSE THEY WASHED IT
ALL IN BIG
ALL IN BIG BIG
BECAUSE THEY WASHED IT
ALL IN BIG BIG BOWLS
ALL IN BIG BIG BOWLS ALL
THAT
THAT IS
ALL IN BIG BIG BOWLS ALL
THAT IS BECAUSE
THAT IS BECAUSE NOBODY
CARES
CARES AND
THAT IS BECAUSE NOBODY
CARES AND THEY
CARES AND THEY JUST
THAT IS BECAUSE NOBODY
CARES AND THEY JUST CARE
THROW
THROW THE
CARES AND THEY JUST CARE
THROW THE SALAD
THROW THE SALAD IN
THINKING
THINKING THAT
THROW THE SALAD IN
THINKING THAT AND
THINKING THAT AND MIX
THROW THE SALAD IN
THINKING THAT AND MIX TH
THE
THE WATER
THINKING THAT AND MIX TH
THE WATER OUT.
THE WATER OUT.  AND
THINKING THAT AND MIX TH
THE WATER OUT.  AND ALSO
A
A GOOD
THE WATER OUT.  AND ALSO
A GOOD WAY
A GOOD WAY IF
THE WATER OUT.  AND ALSO
A GOOD WAY IF YOU
A GOOD WAY IF YOU BUY
SALAD
SALAD WHAT
A GOOD WAY IF YOU BUY
SALAD WHAT EVER
SALAD WHAT EVER IT
A GOOD WAY IF YOU BUY
SALAD WHAT EVER IT IS
SALAD WHAT EVER IT IS IF
YOU
YOU BUY
SALAD WHAT EVER IT IS IF
YOU BUY REALLY
YOU BUY REALLY REALLY
SALAD WHAT EVER IT IS IF
YOU BUY REALLY REALLY YO
ONE
ONE OR
YOU BUY REALLY REALLY YO
ONE OR TWO
ONE OR TWO DAYS
YOU BUY REALLY REALLY YO
ONE OR TWO DAYS AND
ONE OR TWO DAYS AND HAD
IT
IT IS
ONE OR TWO DAYS AND HAD
IT IS WORTH
IT IS WORTH IT.
ONE OR TWO DAYS AND HAD
IT IS WORTH IT. --
IT IS WORTH IT. -- WILL
DID
DID WHAT
IT IS WORTH IT. -- WILL
DID WHAT YOU
DID WHAT YOU DO
IT IS WORTH IT. -- WILL
DID WHAT YOU DO WITH
WILTON
WILTON SALAD
DID WHAT YOU DO WITH
WILTON SALAD YOU
WILTON SALAD YOU STICK
DID WHAT YOU DO WITH
WILTON SALAD YOU STICK W
IT
IT IN
WILTON SALAD YOU STICK W
IT IN ICE
IT IN ICE COLD
WILTON SALAD YOU STICK W
IT IN ICE COLD WATER
MAYBE
MAYBE FOR
IT IN ICE COLD WATER
MAYBE FOR ONE
MAYBE FOR ONE HALF
IT IN ICE COLD WATER
MAYBE FOR ONE HALF HOUR
BUT
BUT BEEN
MAYBE FOR ONE HALF HOUR
BUT BEEN THERE
BUT BEEN THERE SO
MAYBE FOR ONE HALF HOUR
BUT BEEN THERE SO MUCH
WATER
WATER IN
BUT BEEN THERE SO MUCH
WATER IN THE
WATER IN THE LEAVES
BUT BEEN THERE SO MUCH
WATER IN THE LEAVES THAT
YOU
YOU SALAD
WATER IN THE LEAVES THAT
YOU SALAD WHEN
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT
WATER IN THE LEAVES THAT
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT BE
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT BE YO
DRY
DRY SO
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT BE YO
DRY SO YOU
DRY SO YOU PUT
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT BE YO
DRY SO YOU PUT IT
DRY SO YOU PUT IT IN
YOU SALAD WHEN NOT BE YO
DRY SO YOU PUT IT IN A
COLANDER
COLANDER HOW
DRY SO YOU PUT IT IN A
COLANDER HOW LONG
COLANDER HOW LONG DOES
DRY SO YOU PUT IT IN A
COLANDER HOW LONG DOES C
IT
IT GOING
COLANDER HOW LONG DOES C
IT GOING TO
IT GOING TO TAKE
COLANDER HOW LONG DOES C
IT GOING TO TAKE TO
IT GOING TO TAKE TO JUST
DRAIN
DRAIN IT?
IT GOING TO TAKE TO JUST
DRAIN IT? NEVER
DRAIN IT? NEVER ABLE
IT GOING TO TAKE TO JUST
DRAIN IT? NEVER ABLE TO
DRAIN
DRAIN LIKE
DRAIN IT? NEVER ABLE TO
DRAIN LIKE MY
DRAIN LIKE MY DRAIN
DRAIN IT? NEVER ABLE TO
DRAIN LIKE MY DRAIN LIKE
GRANDMOTHER
GRANDMOTHER USED
DRAIN LIKE MY DRAIN LIKE
GRANDMOTHER USED TO
GRANDMOTHER USED TO DO
THE
THE PILLOWCASE
GRANDMOTHER USED TO DO
THE PILLOWCASE AND
THE PILLOWCASE AND SHE
WENT
WENT LIKE
THE PILLOWCASE AND SHE
WENT LIKE THIS
WENT LIKE THIS AND
THE PILLOWCASE AND SHE
WENT LIKE THIS AND PUT
WENT LIKE THIS AND PUT W
IT
IT ALL
WENT LIKE THIS AND PUT W
IT ALL OVER
IT ALL OVER EVERYBODY
WENT LIKE THIS AND PUT W
IT ALL OVER EVERYBODY IT
HAD
HAD TO
IT ALL OVER EVERYBODY IT
HAD TO GO
HAD TO GO OUT
IT ALL OVER EVERYBODY IT
HAD TO GO OUT OF
HAD TO GO OUT OF THE
KITCHEN
KITCHEN SHE
HAD TO GO OUT OF THE
KITCHEN SHE WENT
KITCHEN SHE WENT OUTSIDE
TOO.
TOO.  SO
KITCHEN SHE WENT OUTSIDE
TOO.  SO NOW
TOO.  SO NOW WITH
KITCHEN SHE WENT OUTSIDE
TOO.  SO NOW WITH THIS
AND
AND I
TOO.  SO NOW WITH THIS
AND I KNOW
AND I KNOW WE
TOO.  SO NOW WITH THIS
AND I KNOW WE USE
AND I KNOW WE USE ONE
LIKE
LIKE THAT
AND I KNOW WE USE ONE
LIKE THAT A
LIKE THAT A BIG
AND I KNOW WE USE ONE
LIKE THAT A BIG WIN
LIKE THAT A BIG WIN AT
THE
THE RESTAURANT
LIKE THAT A BIG WIN AT
THE RESTAURANT I
THE RESTAURANT I USE
LIKE THAT A BIG WIN AT
THE RESTAURANT I USE ONE
LIKE
LIKE THAT
THE RESTAURANT I USE ONE
LIKE THAT IN
LIKE THAT IN MY
THE RESTAURANT I USE ONE
LIKE THAT IN MY HOME.
LIKE THAT IN MY HOME.  I
WANT
WANT MY
LIKE THAT IN MY HOME.  I
WANT MY SALAD
WANT MY SALAD DRY
LIKE THAT IN MY HOME.  I
WANT MY SALAD DRY GOT
WHY?
WHY? IF
WANT MY SALAD DRY GOT
WHY? IF IT
WHY? IF IT IS
WANT MY SALAD DRY GOT
WHY? IF IT IS WATERY
WHY? IF IT IS WATERY WHY
YOUR
YOUR VINAIGRETTE
WHY? IF IT IS WATERY WHY
YOUR VINAIGRETTE IS
YOUR VINAIGRETTE IS YOUR
GOING
GOING TO
YOUR VINAIGRETTE IS YOUR
GOING TO IS
GOING TO IS GOING
YOUR VINAIGRETTE IS YOUR
GOING TO IS GOING TO
TASTE
TASTE LIKE
GOING TO IS GOING TO
TASTE LIKE WATER.
TASTE LIKE WATER.  NOW
LOOK
LOOK AT
TASTE LIKE WATER.  NOW
LOOK AT THAT
LOOK AT THAT THAT
TASTE LIKE WATER.  NOW
LOOK AT THAT THAT IS
LOOK AT THAT THAT IS ME
AT
AT SPAGO
LOOK AT THAT THAT IS ME
AT SPAGO WITH
AT SPAGO WITH THE
LOOK AT THAT THAT IS ME
AT SPAGO WITH THE BIG
SALAD
SALAD SPINNER.
AT SPAGO WITH THE BIG
SALAD SPINNER.  NOW
SALAD SPINNER.  NOW YOU
DO
DO DO
SALAD SPINNER.  NOW YOU
DO DO NOT
DO DO NOT NEED
SALAD SPINNER.  NOW YOU
DO DO NOT NEED A
DO DO NOT NEED A BIG
SALAD SPINNER.  NOW YOU
DO DO NOT NEED A BIG ONE
LIKE
LIKE THAT
DO DO NOT NEED A BIG ONE
LIKE THAT AT
LIKE THAT AT HOME
DO DO NOT NEED A BIG ONE
LIKE THAT AT HOME BUT
LIKE THAT AT HOME BUT LI
YOU
YOU KNOW
LIKE THAT AT HOME BUT LI
YOU KNOW AT
YOU KNOW AT THE
LIKE THAT AT HOME BUT LI
YOU KNOW AT THE END
YOU KNOW AT THE END OF
THE
THE DAY
YOU KNOW AT THE END OF
THE DAY THIS
THE DAY THIS IS
YOU KNOW AT THE END OF
THE DAY THIS IS EXACTLY
THE
THE SAME
THE DAY THIS IS EXACTLY
THE SAME THING
THE SAME THING FOR
THE DAY THIS IS EXACTLY
THE SAME THING FOR HOME
USE.
USE.  SO
THE SAME THING FOR HOME
USE.  SO WHATEVER
USE.  SO WHATEVER WE
THE SAME THING FOR HOME
USE.  SO WHATEVER WE DO
AT
AT THE
USE.  SO WHATEVER WE DO
AT THE RESTAURANT
AT THE RESTAURANT WE
BRING
BRING IT
AT THE RESTAURANT WE
BRING IT TO
BRING IT TO YOU
AT THE RESTAURANT WE
BRING IT TO YOU TOO.
BRING IT TO YOU TOO.  SO
NOW
NOW IF
BRING IT TO YOU TOO.  SO
NOW IF YOU
NOW IF YOU USE
BRING IT TO YOU TOO.  SO
NOW IF YOU USE IT
NOW IF YOU USE IT FOR
SALAD
SALAD LIKE
NOW IF YOU USE IT FOR
SALAD LIKE THAT
SALAD LIKE THAT AND
NOW IF YOU USE IT FOR
SALAD LIKE THAT AND PUT
IT
IT IN
SALAD LIKE THAT AND PUT
IT IN THERE.
IT IN THERE.  AND
SALAD LIKE THAT AND PUT
IT IN THERE.  AND OUTPUT
IT
IT OVER
IT IN THERE.  AND OUTPUT
IT OVER WELL
IT OVER WELL MIX
IT IN THERE.  AND OUTPUT
IT OVER WELL MIX IT
IT OVER WELL MIX IT WITH
THE
THE VINEGAR.
IT OVER WELL MIX IT WITH
THE VINEGAR.  NOW
THE VINEGAR.  NOW LOOK
IT OVER WELL MIX IT WITH
THE VINEGAR.  NOW LOOK T
AT
AT THAT
THE VINEGAR.  NOW LOOK T
AT THAT THIS
AT THAT THIS IS
THE VINEGAR.  NOW LOOK T
AT THAT THIS IS THE
AT THAT THIS IS THE SALA
THE VINEGAR.  NOW LOOK T
AT THAT THIS IS THE SALAD
HOW
HOW IT
AT THAT THIS IS THE SALAD
HOW IT CAME
HOW IT CAME SO
AT THAT THIS IS THE SALAD
HOW IT CAME SO WOULD
HOW IT CAME SO WOULD  H
YOU
YOU LIKE
HOW IT CAME SO WOULD  H
YOU LIKE TO
YOU LIKE TO DRINK
HOW IT CAME SO WOULD  H
YOU LIKE TO DRINK THIS
WATER
WATER HERE?
>>HOST:
>>HOST: OH
WATER HERE?
>>HOST: OH MY
>>HOST: OH MY GOSH!
WATER HERE?
>>HOST: OH MY GOSH! IS
THAT
THAT SUPPOSED
>>HOST: OH MY GOSH! IS
THAT SUPPOSED TO
THAT SUPPOSED TO BE
PREWASH?
PREWASH? THAT
THAT SUPPOSED TO BE
PREWASH? THAT IS
INCREDIBLE.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: SO
INCREDIBLE.
>>GUEST: SO NOW
>>GUEST: SO NOW YOU
INCREDIBLE.
>>GUEST: SO NOW YOU >>GU
WATCH
WATCH IT
>>GUEST: SO NOW YOU >>GU
WATCH IT WHAT
WATCH IT WHAT DO
>>GUEST: SO NOW YOU >>GU
WATCH IT WHAT DO YOU
WATCH IT WHAT DO YOU DO
IS
IS YOU
WATCH IT WHAT DO YOU DO
IS YOU PUT
IS YOU PUT IT
WATCH IT WHAT DO YOU DO
IS YOU PUT IT IN
IS YOU PUT IT IN A
WATCH IT WHAT DO YOU DO
IS YOU PUT IT IN A BIG
BALL
BALL ONE
IS YOU PUT IT IN A BIG
BALL ONE OR
BALL ONE OR BUCKET
IS YOU PUT IT IN A BIG
BALL ONE OR BUCKET OF
WATER
WATER WHATEVER
BALL ONE OR BUCKET OF
WATER WHATEVER YOU
WATER WHATEVER YOU HAVE
AND
AND THEN
WATER WHATEVER YOU HAVE
AND THEN YOU
AND THEN YOU SOAK
WATER WHATEVER YOU HAVE
AND THEN YOU SOAK IT
AND THEN YOU SOAK IT AND
THEN
THEN YOU
AND THEN YOU SOAK IT AND
THEN YOU PICK
THEN YOU PICK UP
AND THEN YOU SOAK IT AND
THEN YOU PICK UP THE
SALAD
SALAD GENTLY
THEN YOU PICK UP THE
SALAD GENTLY SO
SALAD GENTLY SO THAT
THEN YOU PICK UP THE
SALAD GENTLY SO THAT WAY
YOU
YOU DO
SALAD GENTLY SO THAT WAY
YOU DO NOT
YOU DO NOT GET
SALAD GENTLY SO THAT WAY
YOU DO NOT GET THE
YOU DO NOT GET THE SAND
OR
OR WHAT
YOU DO NOT GET THE SAND
OR WHAT EVER
OR WHAT EVER IS
YOU DO NOT GET THE SAND
OR WHAT EVER IS IN
OR WHAT EVER IS IN THEIR
DISTURBED.
DISTURBED.  SO
OR WHAT EVER IS IN THEIR
DISTURBED.  SO NOW
DISTURBED.  SO NOW IF
OR WHAT EVER IS IN THEIR
DISTURBED.  SO NOW IF DI
YOU
YOU WOULD
DISTURBED.  SO NOW IF DI
YOU WOULD HAVE
YOU WOULD HAVE A
DISTURBED.  SO NOW IF DI
YOU WOULD HAVE A SALAD
LIKE
LIKE THAT
YOU WOULD HAVE A SALAD
LIKE THAT LOOK
LIKE THAT LOOK HOW
YOU WOULD HAVE A SALAD
LIKE THAT LOOK HOW MUCH
WATER
WATER JUST
LIKE THAT LOOK HOW MUCH
WATER JUST IN
WATER JUST IN THE
LIKE THAT LOOK HOW MUCH
WATER JUST IN THE SECOND
DAY
DAY SHEER.
WATER JUST IN THE SECOND
DAY SHEER.  SO
DAY SHEER.  SO NOW--DISH
HERE
HERE SO
DAY SHEER.  SO NOW--DISH
HERE SO NOW
HERE SO NOW WE
DAY SHEER.  SO NOW--DISH
HERE SO NOW WE PUT
HERE SO NOW WE PUT IT
DAY SHEER.  SO NOW--DISH
HERE SO NOW WE PUT IT IN
HERE
HERE AND
HERE SO NOW WE PUT IT IN
HERE AND WE'RE
HERE AND WE'RE GOING
HERE SO NOW WE PUT IT IN
HERE AND WE'RE GOING TO
DRAIN
DRAIN IT
HERE AND WE'RE GOING TO
DRAIN IT PERFECTLY.
DRAIN IT PERFECTLY.  DRA
OKAY
OKAY YOU
DRAIN IT PERFECTLY.  DRA
OKAY YOU PUT
OKAY YOU PUT IT
DRAIN IT PERFECTLY.  DRA
OKAY YOU PUT IT ON
OKAY YOU PUT IT ON IT
>>HOST:
>>HOST: SO
OKAY YOU PUT IT ON IT
>>HOST: SO YOU
>>HOST: SO YOU PUT
OKAY YOU PUT IT ON IT
>>HOST: SO YOU PUT THE
LITTLE
LITTLE TOP
>>HOST: SO YOU PUT THE
LITTLE TOP ON.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: THIS
LITTLE TOP ON.
>>GUEST: THIS JOB
>>GUEST: THIS JOB THIS
GOES
GOES ON
>>GUEST: THIS JOB THIS
GOES ON TOP.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: ALL
GOES ON TOP.
>>GUEST: ALL YOU
>>GUEST: ALL YOU HAVE
GOES ON TOP.
>>GUEST: ALL YOU HAVE TO
DO
DO IS
>>GUEST: ALL YOU HAVE TO
DO IS PUSH
DO IS PUSH THE
>>GUEST: ALL YOU HAVE TO
DO IS PUSH THE BUTTON.
LOOK
LOOK AT
DO IS PUSH THE BUTTON.
LOOK AT THAT
LOOK AT THAT SEE
DO IS PUSH THE BUTTON.
LOOK AT THAT SEE THAT.
SEE
SEE ALL
LOOK AT THAT SEE THAT.
SEE ALL THE
SEE ALL THE WATER
LOOK AT THAT SEE THAT.
SEE ALL THE WATER COMING
OUT
OUT?
SEE ALL THE WATER COMING
OUT? SO
OUT? SO YOU
SEE ALL THE WATER COMING
OUT? SO YOU WILL
OUT? SO YOU WILL HAVE
DELICIOUS
DELICIOUS SALAD
OUT? SO YOU WILL HAVE
DELICIOUS SALAD AND
DELICIOUS SALAD AND YOU
CAN
CAN MIX
DELICIOUS SALAD AND YOU
CAN MIX IT
CAN MIX IT WITH
DELICIOUS SALAD AND YOU
CAN MIX IT WITH ANY
CAN MIX IT WITH ANY KIND
OF
OF VINEGAR
CAN MIX IT WITH ANY KIND
OF VINEGAR OR
OF VINEGAR OR OF
CAN MIX IT WITH ANY KIND
OF VINEGAR OR OF VINEGAR
VINAIGRETTE
VINAIGRETTE WHATEVER
OF VINEGAR OR OF VINEGAR
VINAIGRETTE WHATEVER HE
LIKES
LIKES SO
VINAIGRETTE WHATEVER HE
LIKES SO NOW
LIKES SO NOW YOU
VINAIGRETTE WHATEVER HE
LIKES SO NOW YOU CAN
LIKES SO NOW YOU CAN USE
THAT
THAT WATER
LIKES SO NOW YOU CAN USE
THAT WATER FOR
THAT WATER FOR WHATEVER
YOU
YOU LIKE
THAT WATER FOR WHATEVER
YOU LIKE MAYBE
YOU LIKE MAYBE TO
THAT WATER FOR WHATEVER
YOU LIKE MAYBE TO WATER
THE
THE LAWN
YOU LIKE MAYBE TO WATER
THE LAWN OR
THE LAWN OR SOMETHING
LIKE
LIKE THAT.
THE LAWN OR SOMETHING
LIKE THAT.  BUT
LIKE THAT.  BUT YOU
THE LAWN OR SOMETHING
LIKE THAT.  BUT YOU DO
NOT
NOT WANT
LIKE THAT.  BUT YOU DO
NOT WANT TO
NOT WANT TO EAT
LIKE THAT.  BUT YOU DO
NOT WANT TO EAT THAT.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: I'M
NOT WANT TO EAT THAT.
>>HOST: I'M SICK
>>HOST: I'M SICK TO
NOT WANT TO EAT THAT.
>>HOST: I'M SICK TO MY
STOMACH.[INAUDIBLE]
STOMACH.[INAUDIBLE]   ST
AND
AND MYSELF
STOMACH.[INAUDIBLE]   ST
AND MYSELF AND
AND MYSELF AND PUTTING
ALL
ALL THAT
AND MYSELF AND PUTTING
ALL THAT BECAUSE
ALL THAT BECAUSE USM
AND MYSELF AND PUTTING
ALL THAT BECAUSE USM THAT
THAT(...)
THAT(...)  WASHING
PREWASH
PREWASH THINK
THAT(...)  WASHING
PREWASH THINK ABOUT
SPINACH
SPINACH OKAY
PREWASH THINK ABOUT
SPINACH OKAY THINK
SPINACH OKAY THINK ABOUT
ALL
ALL THE
SPINACH OKAY THINK ABOUT
ALL THE THINGS
ALL THE THINGS (...)
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: MALIK
ALL THE THINGS (...)
>>GUEST: MALIK OF
>>GUEST: MALIK OF THE
SALAD
SALAD HERE
>>GUEST: MALIK OF THE
SALAD HERE NOW
SALAD HERE NOW THERE'S
>>GUEST: MALIK OF THE
SALAD HERE NOW THERE'S S
NO
NO WATER
SALAD HERE NOW THERE'S S
NO WATER SEE
NO WATER SEE WHAT
SALAD HERE NOW THERE'S S
NO WATER SEE WHAT I
NO WATER SEE WHAT I GOT
OUT
OUT HERE.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: WOW!.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: SO
>>HOST: WOW!.
>>GUEST: SO NOW
>>GUEST: SO NOW WE
>>HOST: WOW!.
>>GUEST: SO NOW WE >>G
NEED
NEED A
>>GUEST: SO NOW WE >>G
NEED A BIG
NEED A BIG BOWL
>>GUEST: SO NOW WE >>G
NEED A BIG BOWL FOR
NEED A BIG BOWL FOR THE
SALAD.
SALAD.  WE
NEED A BIG BOWL FOR THE
SALAD.  WE DO
SALAD.  WE DO NOT
NEED A BIG BOWL FOR THE
SALAD.  WE DO NOT HAVE
SALAD.  WE DO NOT HAVE A
BOWL.(...)
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: DEW
BOWL.(...)
>>GUEST: DEW YOU
>>GUEST: DEW YOU WANT
TO
TO USE
>>GUEST: DEW YOU WANT
TO USE ONE
TO USE ONE OF
>>GUEST: DEW YOU WANT
TO USE ONE OF THESE
TO USE ONE OF THESE TO
>>GUEST: DEW YOU WANT
TO USE ONE OF THESE TO U
BOWLS
BOWLS WE
TO USE ONE OF THESE TO U
BOWLS WE CAN
BOWLS WE CAN STORE
TO USE ONE OF THESE TO U
BOWLS WE CAN STORE IN
BOWLS WE CAN STORE IN A.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: WE
BOWLS WE CAN STORE IN A.
>>HOST: WE ARE
>>HOST: WE ARE DOING
BOWLS WE CAN STORE IN A.
>>HOST: WE ARE DOING >>H
THIS
THIS AT
>>HOST: WE ARE DOING >>H
THIS AT $39.95
THIS AT $39.95 CUSTOMER
EVENT
EVENT PRICED
THIS AT $39.95 CUSTOMER
EVENT PRICED WE
EVENT PRICED WE ARE
ARE[INAUDIBLE]
ARE[INAUDIBLE]  THIS
EVENT PRICED WE ARE
ARE[INAUDIBLE]  THIS HAS
NEVER
NEVER BEEN
ARE[INAUDIBLE]  THIS HAS
NEVER BEEN SEEN
NEVER BEEN SEEN IT
ARE[INAUDIBLE]  THIS HAS
NEVER BEEN SEEN IT IS
BRAND-NEW.[INAUDIBLE]
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: IF
BRAND-NEW.[INAUDIBLE]
>>GUEST: IF YOU
>>GUEST: IF YOU DO
BRAND-NEW.[INAUDIBLE]
>>GUEST: IF YOU DO NOT
HAVE
HAVE A
>>GUEST: IF YOU DO NOT
HAVE A BOWL
HAVE A BOWL YOU
>>GUEST: IF YOU DO NOT
HAVE A BOWL YOU JUST
THROW
THROW YOU
HAVE A BOWL YOU JUST
THROW YOU SALAD
THROW YOU SALAD IN
HAVE A BOWL YOU JUST
THROW YOU SALAD IN HERE
AND
AND YOU
THROW YOU SALAD IN HERE
AND YOU CAN
AND YOU CAN STORE
THROW YOU SALAD IN HERE
AND YOU CAN STORE IT
UNTIL
UNTIL YOU
AND YOU CAN STORE IT
UNTIL YOU NEED
UNTIL YOU NEED IT
AND YOU CAN STORE IT
UNTIL YOU NEED IT WITH
THE
THE LID
UNTIL YOU NEED IT WITH
THE LID ON.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: I
THE LID ON.
>>HOST: I HAVE
>>HOST: I HAVE GONE
THROUGH
THROUGH AN
>>HOST: I HAVE GONE
THROUGH AN ENTIRE
THROUGH AN ENTIRE ROLL
>>HOST: I HAVE GONE
THROUGH AN ENTIRE ROLL T
OF
OF PAPER
THROUGH AN ENTIRE ROLL T
OF PAPER TOWELS
OF PAPER TOWELS TRYING
THROUGH AN ENTIRE ROLL T
OF PAPER TOWELS TRYING O
TO
TO DRY
OF PAPER TOWELS TRYING O
TO DRY MY
TO DRY MY SALAD.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: STRAWBERRIES
TO DRY MY SALAD.
>>GUEST: STRAWBERRIES >>
ARE
ARE VOTED
>>GUEST: STRAWBERRIES >>
ARE VOTED THE
ARE VOTED THE MOST
>>GUEST: STRAWBERRIES >>
ARE VOTED THE MOST DIRTY
OF
OF THE
ARE VOTED THE MOST DIRTY
OF THE PRODUCE
OF THE PRODUCE EVEN
ARE VOTED THE MOST DIRTY
OF THE PRODUCE EVEN OF
OF THE PRODUCE EVEN OF T
WORSE
WORSE THAN
OF THE PRODUCE EVEN OF T
WORSE THAN THE
WORSE THAN THE LETTUCE
OF THE PRODUCE EVEN OF T
WORSE THAN THE LETTUCE W
SO
SO IMAGINE
WORSE THAN THE LETTUCE W
SO IMAGINE YOU
SO IMAGINE YOU WOULD
WORSE THAN THE LETTUCE W
SO IMAGINE YOU WOULD SO
WASH
WASH THOSE
SO IMAGINE YOU WOULD SO
WASH THOSE TOO.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: WHAT
WASH THOSE TOO.
>>HOST: WHAT KINDS
>>HOST: WHAT KINDS OF
FOODS
FOODS CAN
>>HOST: WHAT KINDS OF
FOODS CAN I
FOODS CAN I USE
>>HOST: WHAT KINDS OF
FOODS CAN I USE IT
FOODS CAN I USE IT ON
>>HOST: WHAT KINDS OF
FOODS CAN I USE IT ON FO
CAN
CAN USE
FOODS CAN I USE IT ON FO
CAN USE IT
CAN USE IT ON
FOODS CAN I USE IT ON FO
CAN USE IT ON NOT
CAN USE IT ON NOT JUST
LETTUCE
LETTUCE OR
CAN USE IT ON NOT JUST
LETTUCE OR SPINACH
LETTUCE OR SPINACH OR
LEAFY
LEAFY THINGS
LETTUCE OR SPINACH OR
LEAFY THINGS BUT
LEAFY THINGS BUT I
LETTUCE OR SPINACH OR
LEAFY THINGS BUT I SEE
POTATOES
POTATOES CAN
LEAFY THINGS BUT I SEE
POTATOES CAN I
POTATOES CAN I USE
LEAFY THINGS BUT I SEE
POTATOES CAN I USE IT
POTATOES CAN I USE IT ON
POTATOES?
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: IF
POTATOES?
>>GUEST: IF YOU
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT
POTATOES?
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT TO
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: IF
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT TO
>>GUEST: IF YOU
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT TO
MAKE
MAKE SLICE
>>GUEST: IF YOU WANT TO
MAKE SLICE POTATOES
ANYONE
ANYONE TO
MAKE SLICE POTATOES
ANYONE TO REMOVE
ANYONE TO REMOVE THE
WATER
WATER BEFORE
ANYONE TO REMOVE THE
WATER BEFORE YOU
WATER BEFORE YOU BOILED
AND
AND THAT
WATER BEFORE YOU BOILED
AND THAT IS
AND THAT IS THE
WATER BEFORE YOU BOILED
AND THAT IS THE WAY
AND THAT IS THE WAY TO
GO.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: CAN
GO.
>>HOST: CAN I
>>HOST: CAN I USE
GO.
>>HOST: CAN I USE IT
>>HOST: CAN I USE IT ON
MUSHROOMS
MUSHROOMS MUSHROOMS
>>HOST: CAN I USE IT ON
MUSHROOMS MUSHROOMS ARE
ACTUALLY
ACTUALLY CAKED
MUSHROOMS MUSHROOMS ARE
ACTUALLY CAKED WITH
ACTUALLY CAKED WITH DIRT
MUSHROOMS MUSHROOMS ARE
ACTUALLY CAKED WITH DIRT.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: EXACTLY!
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! SO
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! SO YOU
WASH
WASH THEM
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! SO YOU
WASH THEM FAST
WASH THEM FAST AND
>>GUEST: EXACTLY! SO YOU
WASH THEM FAST AND YOU
DRY
DRY THEM
WASH THEM FAST AND YOU
DRY THEM OFF.
DRY THEM OFF.  METALLIC
KNIT
KNIT THAT[INAUDIBLE]
DRY THEM OFF.  METALLIC
KNIT THAT[INAUDIBLE]  KN
YOU
YOU WOULD
KNIT THAT[INAUDIBLE]  KN
YOU WOULD CALL
YOU WOULD CALL IT
KNIT THAT[INAUDIBLE]  KN
YOU WOULD CALL IT LIKE
THAT
THAT AND
YOU WOULD CALL IT LIKE
THAT AND IT
THAT AND IT MAKES
YOU WOULD CALL IT LIKE
THAT AND IT MAKES IT
THAT AND IT MAKES IT SO
EASY.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: LOOK
EASY.
>>HOST: LOOK AT
>>HOST: LOOK AT THIS
VIRTUALLY
VIRTUALLY DRIED
>>HOST: LOOK AT THIS
VIRTUALLY DRIED THAT
VIRTUALLY DRIED THAT IS
WHAT
WHAT IS
VIRTUALLY DRIED THAT IS
WHAT IS A
WHAT IS A NICE
VIRTUALLY DRIED THAT IS
WHAT IS A NICE ABOUT
WHAT IS A NICE ABOUT A.
IS
IS NICE
WHAT IS A NICE ABOUT A.
IS NICE NOW
IS NICE NOW IT
WHAT IS A NICE ABOUT A.
IS NICE NOW IT WILL
IS NICE NOW IT WILL IS
WHAT IS A NICE ABOUT A.
IS NICE NOW IT WILL IS N
TASTE
TASTE CRISPY
IS NICE NOW IT WILL IS N
TASTE CRISPY FRESH
TASTE CRISPY FRESH AND
CLEAN.[INAUDIBLE]
CLEAN.[INAUDIBLE]   TTLED
WATER
WATER ONLY
CLEAN.[INAUDIBLE]   TTLED
WATER ONLY OKAY
OKAY[INAUDIBLE]
OKAY[INAUDIBLE]  AND
DIDN'T
DIDN'T WITH
OKAY[INAUDIBLE]  AND
DIDN'T WITH THE
DIDN'T WITH THE 33RD
RIGHT
RIGHT IN
DIDN'T WITH THE 33RD
RIGHT IN OUR
RIGHT IN OUR BODIES
DIDN'T WITH THE 33RD
RIGHT IN OUR BODIES THAT
WE
WE WERE
RIGHT IN OUR BODIES THAT
WE WERE NOT
WE WERE NOT EVEN
RIGHT IN OUR BODIES THAT
WE WERE NOT EVEN WE
WE WERE NOT EVEN WE WERE
THINKING
THINKING WAS
WE WERE NOT EVEN WE WERE
THINKING WAS DIRTY
BECAUSE
BECAUSE YOU
THINKING WAS DIRTY
BECAUSE YOU KNOW
BECAUSE YOU KNOW THEY
TELL
TELL YOU
BECAUSE YOU KNOW THEY
TELL YOU THAT
TELL YOU THAT IT
BECAUSE YOU KNOW THEY
TELL YOU THAT IT IS
WASHED
WASHED AND
TELL YOU THAT IT IS
WASHED AND LOOK
WASHED AND LOOK AT
TELL YOU THAT IT IS
WASHED AND LOOK AT IT.
BUT
BUT WHO
WASHED AND LOOK AT IT.
BUT WHO HAS
BUT WHO HAS GOT
WASHED AND LOOK AT IT.
BUT WHO HAS GOT TIME
BUT WHO HAS GOT TIME YOU
KNOW
KNOW TO
BUT WHO HAS GOT TIME YOU
KNOW TO CLEAN
KNOW TO CLEAN KNOW
BUT WHO HAS GOT TIME YOU
KNOW TO CLEAN KNOW TO
KNOW TO CLEAN KNOW TO CL
EVERYTHING.
EVERYTHING.  NOW
KNOW TO CLEAN KNOW TO CL
EVERYTHING.  NOW YOU
EVERYTHING.  NOW YOU EVE
HAVE
HAVE TIME--
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: IT
HAVE TIME--
>>GUEST: IT IS
>>GUEST: IT IS DIRTY
EXACTLY!
EXACTLY! SO
>>GUEST: IT IS DIRTY
EXACTLY! SO OFTEN
EXACTLY! SO OFTEN YOU
>>GUEST: IT IS DIRTY
EXACTLY! SO OFTEN YOU BY
MAIN
MAIN LETTUCE
EXACTLY! SO OFTEN YOU BY
MAIN LETTUCE ICE
MAIN LETTUCE ICE BERG
LETTUCE
LETTUCE WHAT
MAIN LETTUCE ICE BERG
LETTUCE WHAT EVER
LETTUCE WHAT EVER IT
MAIN LETTUCE ICE BERG
LETTUCE WHAT EVER IT IS
BETTER
BETTER LETTUCE
LETTUCE WHAT EVER IT IS
BETTER LETTUCE IT
BETTER LETTUCE IT KIT
WILL
WILL DID
BETTER LETTUCE IT KIT
WILL DID IN
WILL DID IN YOUR
REFRIGERATOR
REFRIGERATOR SO
WILL DID IN YOUR
REFRIGERATOR SO NOW
REFRIGERATOR SO NOW YOU
DUMP
DUMP IT
REFRIGERATOR SO NOW YOU
DUMP IT IN
DUMP IT IN COLD
REFRIGERATOR SO NOW YOU
DUMP IT IN COLD WATER
THAT
THAT IT
DUMP IT IN COLD WATER
THAT IT DID
THAT IT DID IN
DUMP IT IN COLD WATER
THAT IT DID IN THERE
THAT IT DID IN THERE FOR
20 MIN.
20 MIN. OR
THAT IT DID IN THERE FOR
20 MIN. OR SO
20 MIN. OR SO AND
THAT IT DID IN THERE FOR
20 MIN. OR SO AND IT
20 MIN. OR SO AND IT 20
WILL
WILL CRISP
20 MIN. OR SO AND IT 20
WILL CRISP UP
WILL CRISP UP LIKE
20 MIN. OR SO AND IT 20
WILL CRISP UP LIKE JUST
THE
THE WAY
WILL CRISP UP LIKE JUST
THE WAY YOU
THE WAY YOU WANTED
WILL CRISP UP LIKE JUST
THE WAY YOU WANTED BUT
THEN
THEN IF
THE WAY YOU WANTED BUT
THEN IF YOU
THEN IF YOU TOSS
THE WAY YOU WANTED BUT
THEN IF YOU TOSS WITH
OLIVE
OLIVE OIL
THEN IF YOU TOSS WITH
OLIVE OIL WITH
OLIVE OIL WITH VINEGAR
YOU
YOU DO
OLIVE OIL WITH VINEGAR
YOU DO NOT
YOU DO NOT WANT
OLIVE OIL WITH VINEGAR
YOU DO NOT WANT TO
YOU DO NOT WANT TO HAVE
A
A LINK
YOU DO NOT WANT TO HAVE
A LINK ON
A LINK ON THE
YOU DO NOT WANT TO HAVE
A LINK ON THE BOTTOM
A LINK ON THE BOTTOM SO
OFTEN
OFTEN WHEN
A LINK ON THE BOTTOM SO
OFTEN WHEN PEOPLE--LAKE
MAKE
MAKE SALADS
OFTEN WHEN PEOPLE--LAKE
MAKE SALADS EVEN
MAKE SALADS EVEN IN
OFTEN WHEN PEOPLE--LAKE
MAKE SALADS EVEN IN A
RESTAURANT
RESTAURANT YOU
MAKE SALADS EVEN IN A
RESTAURANT YOU GET
RESTAURANT YOU GET IT
MAKE SALADS EVEN IN A
RESTAURANT YOU GET IT RE
AND
AND THEN
RESTAURANT YOU GET IT RE
AND THEN YOU
AND THEN YOU PUT
RESTAURANT YOU GET IT RE
AND THEN YOU PUT THE
AND THEN YOU PUT THE AND
FORK
FORK IN
AND THEN YOU PUT THE AND
FORK IN AND
FORK IN AND YOU
AND THEN YOU PUT THE AND
FORK IN AND YOU LOOK
FORK IN AND YOU LOOK AT
THE
THE BOTTOM.
FORK IN AND YOU LOOK AT
THE BOTTOM.  IT
THE BOTTOM.  IT IS
FORK IN AND YOU LOOK AT
THE BOTTOM.  IT IS LIKEL
THE BOTTOM.  IT IS LIKELY
BOWL
BOWL OF
THE BOTTOM.  IT IS LIKELY
BOWL OF WATER
BOWL OF WATER THE
THE BOTTOM.  IT IS LIKELY
BOWL OF WATER THE SAME
THING
THING WHEN
BOWL OF WATER THE SAME
THING WHEN YOU
THING WHEN YOU EAT
BOWL OF WATER THE SAME
THING WHEN YOU EAT PASTA
OFTEN
OFTEN IN
THING WHEN YOU EAT PASTA
OFTEN IN AN
OFTEN IN AN ITALIAN
RESTAURANT
RESTAURANT THEY
OFTEN IN AN ITALIAN
RESTAURANT THEY DO
RESTAURANT THEY DO NOT
HAVE
HAVE A
RESTAURANT THEY DO NOT
HAVE A GOOD
HAVE A GOOD TRAINER
RESTAURANT THEY DO NOT
HAVE A GOOD TRAINER AND
IT
IT IS
HAVE A GOOD TRAINER AND
IT IS WATERY.
IT IS WATERY.  AND
HAVE A GOOD TRAINER AND
IT IS WATERY.  AND THE
SALAD
SALAD IS
IT IS WATERY.  AND THE
SALAD IS MORE
SALAD IS MORE IMPORTANT
YOU
YOU PUT
SALAD IS MORE IMPORTANT
YOU PUT THE
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR
SALAD IS MORE IMPORTANT
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR ON
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR ON I
SALAD IS MORE IMPORTANT
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR ON IT
OIL
OIL AND
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR ON IT
OIL AND SALT
OIL AND SALT AND
YOU PUT THE VINEGAR ON IT
OIL AND SALT AND PEPPER.
PEPPER.[BACKGROUND
PEPPER.[BACKGROUND NOISE]
>>HOST:
>>HOST: IF
>>HOST: IF YOU
>>HOST: IF YOU WANT
>>HOST: IF YOU WANT IT
46 175
46 175 .
>>HOST: IF YOU WANT IT
46 175 . YOU
46 175 . YOU DO
>>HOST: IF YOU WANT IT
46 175 . YOU DO NOT
46 175 . YOU DO NOT WANT
THIS
THIS YOU
46 175 . YOU DO NOT WANT
THIS YOU NEEDED.
NEEDED.[BACKGROUND
NEEDED.[BACKGROUND NOISE]
--
--  NEED
NEEDED.[BACKGROUND NOISE]
--  NEED IT
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: YOU
--  NEED IT
>>GUEST: YOU SEE
>>GUEST: YOU SEE ALL
--  NEED IT
>>GUEST: YOU SEE ALL >>
THE
THE WATER
>>GUEST: YOU SEE ALL >>
THE WATER SO
THE WATER SO IT
>>GUEST: YOU SEE ALL >>
THE WATER SO IT WAS
CENTRIFUGE
CENTRIFUGE ALL
THE WATER SO IT WAS
CENTRIFUGE ALL THE
CENTRIFUGE ALL THE WATER
AWAY
AWAY AND
CENTRIFUGE ALL THE WATER
AWAY AND YOU
AWAY AND YOU GET
CENTRIFUGE ALL THE WATER
AWAY AND YOU GET ANOTHER
BALL
BALL ONE
AWAY AND YOU GET ANOTHER
BALL ONE YEAR
BALL ONE YEAR THAT
AWAY AND YOU GET ANOTHER
BALL ONE YEAR THAT GIVE
ME
ME ANOTHER
BALL ONE YEAR THAT GIVE
ME ANOTHER BOWL
ME ANOTHER BOWL FOR
BALL ONE YEAR THAT GIVE
ME ANOTHER BOWL FOR THE
SALAD.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: SIDE-BY-SIDE
WITH
WITH THE
>>GUEST: SIDE-BY-SIDE
WITH THE KINDS
WITH THE KINDS OF
>>GUEST: SIDE-BY-SIDE
WITH THE KINDS OF SALADS
THAT
THAT HAD
WITH THE KINDS OF SALADS
THAT HAD THAT[INAUDIBLE]
HANDCRANK
HANDCRANK YOU
THAT HAD THAT[INAUDIBLE]
HANDCRANK YOU GIVE
HANDCRANK YOU GIVE UP
TOO
TOO FAST
HANDCRANK YOU GIVE UP
TOO FAST WHEN
TOO FAST WHEN YOU
HANDCRANK YOU GIVE UP
TOO FAST WHEN YOU HAVE
THE
THE MANUAL
TOO FAST WHEN YOU HAVE
THE MANUAL ONES
THE MANUAL ONES WHEN
TOO FAST WHEN YOU HAVE
THE MANUAL ONES WHEN YOU
ADD
ADD THE
THE MANUAL ONES WHEN YOU
ADD THE ELECTRIC
COMPONENT
COMPONENT YOU
ADD THE ELECTRIC
COMPONENT YOU GET
COMPONENT YOU GET SO
ADD THE ELECTRIC
COMPONENT YOU GET SO COM
MUCH
MUCH MORE
COMPONENT YOU GET SO COM
MUCH MORE WATER
MUCH MORE WATER OUT.
COMPONENT YOU GET SO COM
MUCH MORE WATER OUT.  SO
YOU
YOU PRODUCE
MUCH MORE WATER OUT.  SO
YOU PRODUCE STAYS
YOU PRODUCE STAYS YOU
MUCH MORE WATER OUT.  SO
YOU PRODUCE STAYS YOU PR
FRESHER
FRESHER LONGER
YOU PRODUCE STAYS YOU PR
FRESHER LONGER IT
FRESHER LONGER IT IS
EXPENSIVE
EXPENSIVE SO
FRESHER LONGER IT IS
EXPENSIVE SO WE
EXPENSIVE SO WE WANT
FRESHER LONGER IT IS
EXPENSIVE SO WE WANT TO
PRESERVE
PRESERVE IT
EXPENSIVE SO WE WANT TO
PRESERVE IT AND
PRESERVE IT AND TAKE
EXPENSIVE SO WE WANT TO
PRESERVE IT AND TAKE PRE
CARE
CARE OF
PRESERVE IT AND TAKE PRE
CARE OF IT
CARE OF IT JUST
PRESERVE IT AND TAKE PRE
CARE OF IT JUST LIKE
CARE OF IT JUST LIKE WE
DO
DO IN
CARE OF IT JUST LIKE WE
DO IN THE
DO IN THE RESTAURANT.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: NOW
DO IN THE RESTAURANT.
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK AT
DO IN THE RESTAURANT.
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK AT >>G
THAT
THAT THIS
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK AT >>G
THAT THIS ONE
THAT THIS ONE WOULD
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK AT >>G
THAT THIS ONE WOULD BE
THAT THIS ONE WOULD BE T
ON
ON THE
THAT THIS ONE WOULD BE T
ON THE BOTTOM
ON THE BOTTOM OF
THAT THIS ONE WOULD BE T
ON THE BOTTOM OF YOUR
SALAD
SALAD BOWL.
ON THE BOTTOM OF YOUR
SALAD BOWL.  MY
GRANDMOTHER
GRANDMOTHER MAY
SALAD BOWL.  MY
GRANDMOTHER MAY SHE
RESTED
RESTED THESE
GRANDMOTHER MAY SHE
RESTED THESE SOMETIMES
SHE
SHE FORGOT
RESTED THESE SOMETIMES
SHE FORGOT TO
SHE FORGOT TO SHAKE
RESTED THESE SOMETIMES
SHE FORGOT TO SHAKE THE
SALAD
SALAD LEAVES
SHE FORGOT TO SHAKE THE
SALAD LEAVES OUT
SALAD LEAVES OUT WHAT
HAPPENED
HAPPENED IS
SALAD LEAVES OUT WHAT
HAPPENED IS WE
HAPPENED IS WE GOT
SALAD LEAVES OUT WHAT
HAPPENED IS WE GOT SALAD
IN
IN THE
HAPPENED IS WE GOT SALAD
IN THE BOTTOM
IN THE BOTTOM OF
HAPPENED IS WE GOT SALAD
IN THE BOTTOM OF THE
IN THE BOTTOM OF THE IN
BOWL
BOWL IT
IN THE BOTTOM OF THE IN
BOWL IT WAS
BOWL IT WAS ALL
IN THE BOTTOM OF THE IN
BOWL IT WAS ALL WATERY
AND
AND THE
BOWL IT WAS ALL WATERY
AND THE SALAD
AND THE SALAD HAD
BOWL IT WAS ALL WATERY
AND THE SALAD HAD NO
FLAVOR.
FLAVOR.  SO
AND THE SALAD HAD NO
FLAVOR.  SO NOW
FLAVOR.  SO NOW IF
AND THE SALAD HAD NO
FLAVOR.  SO NOW IF YOU
WANT
WANT A
FLAVOR.  SO NOW IF YOU
WANT A GOOD
WANT A GOOD SALAD
FLAVOR.  SO NOW IF YOU
WANT A GOOD SALAD YOU
GIVE
GIVE ME
WANT A GOOD SALAD YOU
GIVE ME A
GIVE ME A LITTLE
WANT A GOOD SALAD YOU
GIVE ME A LITTLE OLIVE
OIL
OIL OR
GIVE ME A LITTLE OLIVE
OIL OR A
OIL OR A LITTLE
GIVE ME A LITTLE OLIVE
OIL OR A LITTLE BIT
OIL OR A LITTLE BIT OF
(...)
(...) DO
OIL OR A LITTLE BIT OF
(...) DO WE
(...) DO WE EVEN
OIL OR A LITTLE BIT OF
(...) DO WE EVEN HAVE
(...) DO WE EVEN HAVE A
BOWL
BOWL HERE?
(...) DO WE EVEN HAVE A
BOWL HERE? NO
BOWL HERE? NO I
(...) DO WE EVEN HAVE A
BOWL HERE? NO I JUST
BOWL HERE? NO I JUST BOW
WANT
WANT A
BOWL HERE? NO I JUST BOW
WANT A BOWL.
WANT A BOWL.  WHAT
HAPPENED
HAPPENED WITH
WANT A BOWL.  WHAT
HAPPENED WITH THE
HAPPENED WITH THE BALLS
ONE.
ONE.  WE
HAPPENED WITH THE BALLS
ONE.  WE HAVE
ONE.  WE HAVE MIXING
BOWLS
BOWLS YOU
ONE.  WE HAVE MIXING
BOWLS YOU CAN
BOWLS YOU CAN BUY
ONE.  WE HAVE MIXING
BOWLS YOU CAN BUY THEM.
JUST
JUST BRING
BOWLS YOU CAN BUY THEM.
JUST BRING ME
JUST BRING ME SOME
BOWLS YOU CAN BUY THEM.
JUST BRING ME SOME JUST
MIXING
MIXING BOWLS.
JUST BRING ME SOME JUST
MIXING BOWLS.  OKAY
MIXING BOWLS.  OKAY I
HAVE
HAVE TO
MIXING BOWLS.  OKAY I
HAVE TO GET
HAVE TO GET THIS
MIXING BOWLS.  OKAY I
HAVE TO GET THIS WATER
AWAY.
AWAY.  I
HAVE TO GET THIS WATER
AWAY.  I WANT
AWAY.  I WANT TO
HAVE TO GET THIS WATER
AWAY.  I WANT TO SHARE
YOU
YOU HOW
AWAY.  I WANT TO SHARE
YOU HOW EASY
YOU HOW EASY IT
AWAY.  I WANT TO SHARE
YOU HOW EASY IT IS
YOU HOW EASY IT IS TO
MAKE
MAKE A
YOU HOW EASY IT IS TO
MAKE A GOOD
MAKE A GOOD SALAD.
YOU HOW EASY IT IS TO
MAKE A GOOD SALAD.  OKAY
PERFECT
PERFECT NOW
MAKE A GOOD SALAD.  OKAY
PERFECT NOW LOOK
PERFECT NOW LOOK AT
MAKE A GOOD SALAD.  OKAY
PERFECT NOW LOOK AT THAT
THAT
THAT IS
PERFECT NOW LOOK AT THAT
THAT IS WHAT
THAT IS WHAT I
PERFECT NOW LOOK AT THAT
THAT IS WHAT I DO
THAT IS WHAT I DO AT
PERFECT NOW LOOK AT THAT
THAT IS WHAT I DO AT THA
HOME
HOME ROMAIN
THAT IS WHAT I DO AT THA
HOME ROMAIN LET
HOME ROMAIN LET US
THAT IS WHAT I DO AT THA
HOME ROMAIN LET US MY
KIDS
KIDS LOVE
HOME ROMAIN LET US MY
KIDS LOVE ROMAIN
KIDS LOVE ROMAIN LET
HOME ROMAIN LET US MY
KIDS LOVE ROMAIN LET US
BUT
BUT THEY
KIDS LOVE ROMAIN LET US
BUT THEY ARE
BUT THEY ARE VERY
KIDS LOVE ROMAIN LET US
BUT THEY ARE VERY PICKY
--
-- LETTUCE
BUT THEY ARE VERY PICKY
-- LETTUCE IF
-- LETTUCE IF THE
BUT THEY ARE VERY PICKY
-- LETTUCE IF THE ROMAIN
HAS
HAS WATER
-- LETTUCE IF THE ROMAIN
HAS WATER ON
HAS WATER ON THE
-- LETTUCE IF THE ROMAIN
HAS WATER ON THE BACK
HAS WATER ON THE BACK --
BOTTOM
BOTTOM THEY
HAS WATER ON THE BACK --
BOTTOM THEY WOULD
BOTTOM THEY WOULD NOT
TOUCH
TOUCH IT
BOTTOM THEY WOULD NOT
TOUCH IT SO
TOUCH IT SO NOW
BOTTOM THEY WOULD NOT
TOUCH IT SO NOW WE
TOUCH IT SO NOW WE PUT
BOTTOM THEY WOULD NOT
TOUCH IT SO NOW WE PUT T
ON
ON SALT
TOUCH IT SO NOW WE PUT T
ON SALT AND
ON SALT AND PEPPER.
PEPPER.[INAUDIBLE]
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: THAT
PEPPER.[INAUDIBLE]
>>GUEST: THAT IS
BALSAMIC
BALSAMIC GLAZE
>>GUEST: THAT IS
BALSAMIC GLAZE TO
BALSAMIC GLAZE TO GRANT.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: SO
BALSAMIC GLAZE TO GRANT.
>>GUEST: SO NOW
>>GUEST: SO NOW ALWAYS
PUT
PUT A
>>GUEST: SO NOW ALWAYS
PUT A LITTLE
PUT A LITTLE SALT
>>GUEST: SO NOW ALWAYS
PUT A LITTLE SALT AND
PEPPER
PEPPER FIRST.--
PUT A LITTLE SALT AND
PEPPER FIRST.--  VINEGAR
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: LEMON
PEPPER FIRST.--  VINEGAR
>>GUEST: LEMON JUICE
>>GUEST: LEMON JUICE >>
AND
AND THEN
>>GUEST: LEMON JUICE >>
AND THEN THE
AND THEN THE OLIVE
>>GUEST: LEMON JUICE >>
AND THEN THE OLIVE OIL.
SO,
SO, THEN
AND THEN THE OLIVE OIL.
SO, THEN YOU
SO, THEN YOU MIX
AND THEN THE OLIVE OIL.
SO, THEN YOU MIX THIS
REALLY
REALLY WELL
SO, THEN YOU MIX THIS
REALLY WELL TOGETHER.
WITH
WITH THE
REALLY WELL TOGETHER.
WITH THE TONGS
WITH THE TONGS THIS
REALLY WELL TOGETHER.
WITH THE TONGS THIS BOON
HOWEVER
HOWEVER YOU
WITH THE TONGS THIS BOON
HOWEVER YOU LIKE
HOWEVER YOU LIKE IT
WITH THE TONGS THIS BOON
HOWEVER YOU LIKE IT AND
NOT
NOT BE
HOWEVER YOU LIKE IT AND
NOT BE VINAIGRETTE
NOT BE VINAIGRETTE COATS
THE
THE SALAD
NOT BE VINAIGRETTE COATS
THE SALAD LEAF
THE SALAD LEAF PERFECTLY
YOU
YOU CAN
THE SALAD LEAF PERFECTLY
YOU CAN SEE
YOU CAN SEE HOW
THE SALAD LEAF PERFECTLY
YOU CAN SEE HOW SHINY
THEY
THEY ARE
YOU CAN SEE HOW SHINY
THEY ARE YOU
THEY ARE YOU CAN
YOU CAN SEE HOW SHINY
THEY ARE YOU CAN TOUCH
THEM
THEM HOW
THEY ARE YOU CAN TOUCH
THEM HOW BEAUTIFUL
THEM HOW BEAUTIFUL THEY
ARE.
ARE.  AND
THEM HOW BEAUTIFUL THEY
ARE.  AND EACH
ARE.  AND EACH ONE
THEM HOW BEAUTIFUL THEY
ARE.  AND EACH ONE IS
CRISPY
CRISPY IT
ARE.  AND EACH ONE IS
CRISPY IT WILL
CRISPY IT WILL TASTE
PERFECT.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: RA
PERFECT.
>>HOST: RA GUYS
>>HOST: RA GUYS AGAIN
EXPRESS
EXPRESS ORDERING
>>HOST: RA GUYS AGAIN
EXPRESS ORDERING IF
EXPRESS ORDERING IF YOU
CAN
CAN TO
EXPRESS ORDERING IF YOU
CAN TO GET
CAN TO GET TO
EXPRESS ORDERING IF YOU
CAN TO GET TO A
CAN TO GET TO A LOT
EXPRESS ORDERING IF YOU
CAN TO GET TO A LOT OF
YOU
YOU STILL
CAN TO GET TO A LOT OF
YOU STILL TRY
YOU STILL TRY TO
CAN TO GET TO A LOT OF
YOU STILL TRY TO GET
YOU STILL TRY TO GET HER
PRESSURE
PRESSURE OVEN
YOU STILL TRY TO GET HER
PRESSURE OVEN WE
PRESSURE OVEN WE WILL
YOU STILL TRY TO GET HER
PRESSURE OVEN WE WILL DO
ANOTHER
ANOTHER PRESENTATION
PRESSURE OVEN WE WILL DO
ANOTHER PRESENTATION IN
A
A FEW
ANOTHER PRESENTATION IN
A FEW MINUTES.
A FEW MINUTES.  I
ANOTHER PRESENTATION IN
A FEW MINUTES.  I JUST
WANT
WANT TO
A FEW MINUTES.  I JUST
WANT TO SHOW
WANT TO SHOW YOU
A FEW MINUTES.  I JUST
WANT TO SHOW YOU AGAIN
WHAT
WHAT WE
WANT TO SHOW YOU AGAIN
WHAT WE STARTED
WHAT WE STARTED WITH
YOUR.
YOUR.  THIS
WHAT WE STARTED WITH
YOUR.  THIS IS
YOUR.  THIS IS THE
WHAT WE STARTED WITH
YOUR.  THIS IS THE WATER
FROM
FROM SUPPOSEDLY--
YOUR.  THIS IS THE WATER
FROM SUPPOSEDLY-- ALL
RIGHT
RIGHT GUYS
FROM SUPPOSEDLY-- ALL
RIGHT GUYS FROM
SUPPOSEDLY
SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
GREENS
GREENS WE
SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
GREENS WE PUT
GREENS WE PUT IN
SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
GREENS WE PUT IN HERE
GREENS WE PUT IN HERE GR
AND
AND REMOVED
GREENS WE PUT IN HERE GR
AND REMOVED THIS
AND REMOVED THIS IS
GREENS WE PUT IN HERE GR
AND REMOVED THIS IS THE
RESIDUE
RESIDUE THAT
AND REMOVED THIS IS THE
RESIDUE THAT WAS
RESIDUE THAT WAS LEFT
AND REMOVED THIS IS THE
RESIDUE THAT WAS LEFT IN
THEIR.
THEIR.  LOOK
RESIDUE THAT WAS LEFT IN
THEIR.  LOOK AT
THEIR.  LOOK AT THAT
RESIDUE THAT WAS LEFT IN
THEIR.  LOOK AT THAT IT
IS
IS DISGUSTING
THEIR.  LOOK AT THAT IT
IS DISGUSTING I
IS DISGUSTING I HAD
THEIR.  LOOK AT THAT IT
IS DISGUSTING I HAD NO
IDEA
IDEA I
IS DISGUSTING I HAD NO
IDEA I TRUSTED
IDEA I TRUSTED IT
IS DISGUSTING I HAD NO
IDEA I TRUSTED IT WHEN
THEY
THEY SAID
IDEA I TRUSTED IT WHEN
THEY SAID PREWASHED.
THEY SAID PREWASHED.  TH
ARE
ARE YOU
THEY SAID PREWASHED.  TH
ARE YOU ARE
ARE YOU ARE GOING
THEY SAID PREWASHED.  TH
ARE YOU ARE GOING TO
ARE YOU ARE GOING TO BE
ABLE
ABLE TO
ARE YOU ARE GOING TO BE
ABLE TO PUT
ABLE TO PUT A
ARE YOU ARE GOING TO BE
ABLE TO PUT A BIKE
ABLE TO PUT A BIKE OF
ANYTHING
ANYTHING IN
ABLE TO PUT A BIKE OF
ANYTHING IN YOUR
ANYTHING IN YOUR MOUTH
AGAIN
AGAIN WITHOUT
ANYTHING IN YOUR MOUTH
AGAIN WITHOUT WASHING
AGAIN WITHOUT WASHING IT
ANYTHING IN YOUR MOUTH
AGAIN WITHOUT WASHING IT?
THIS
THIS IS
AGAIN WITHOUT WASHING IT?
THIS IS THE
THIS IS THE WAY
AGAIN WITHOUT WASHING IT?
THIS IS THE WAY YOU
THIS IS THE WAY YOU DO
IT.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: THIS
IT.
>>GUEST: THIS IS
>>GUEST: THIS IS THE
THING
THING YOU
>>GUEST: THIS IS THE
THING YOU GET
THING YOU GET IN
>>GUEST: THIS IS THE
THING YOU GET IN THE
THING YOU GET IN THE BAG
IN
IN YOUR
THING YOU GET IN THE BAG
IN YOUR GROCERY
IN YOUR GROCERY STORE
EVERY
EVERY GROCERY
IN YOUR GROCERY STORE
EVERY GROCERY STORE
EVERY GROCERY STORE HAS
THAT
THAT YOU
EVERY GROCERY STORE HAS
THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW BUT
EVERY GROCERY STORE HAS
THAT YOU KNOW BUT THEY
WASH
WASH PROBABLY
THAT YOU KNOW BUT THEY
WASH PROBABLY A
WASH PROBABLY A TON
THAT YOU KNOW BUT THEY
WASH PROBABLY A TON IN
WASH PROBABLY A TON IN A
BIG
BIG WATER
WASH PROBABLY A TON IN A
BIG WATER BATH
BIG WATER BATH AND
WASH PROBABLY A TON IN A
BIG WATER BATH AND IT
SHAKES
SHAKES THE
BIG WATER BATH AND IT
SHAKES THE IN
SHAKES THE IN AND
BIG WATER BATH AND IT
SHAKES THE IN AND MOVES
THEM
THEM AROUND
SHAKES THE IN AND MOVES
THEM AROUND AND
THEM AROUND AND THE
SHAKES THE IN AND MOVES
THEM AROUND AND THE STAN
THEM AROUND AND THE STAND
STAYS
STAYS WITH
THEM AROUND AND THE STAND
STAYS WITH IT
STAYS WITH IT AND
THEM AROUND AND THE STAND
STAYS WITH IT AND THE
DIRT
DIRT STAYS
STAYS WITH IT AND THE
DIRT STAYS WITH
DIRT STAYS WITH IT
STAYS WITH IT AND THE
DIRT STAYS WITH IT IS
ALSO
ALSO A
DIRT STAYS WITH IT IS
ALSO A GREAT
ALSO A GREAT WAY
DIRT STAYS WITH IT IS
ALSO A GREAT WAY EVEN
ALSO A GREAT WAY EVEN IF
YOU
YOU CLEANED
ALSO A GREAT WAY EVEN IF
YOU CLEANED IT
YOU CLEANED IT EVEN
ALSO A GREAT WAY EVEN IF
YOU CLEANED IT EVEN IF
THEY
THEY WERE
YOU CLEANED IT EVEN IF
THEY WERE 100%
THEY WERE 100% CLEAN
SOMETIMES
SOMETIMES THE
THEY WERE 100% CLEAN
SOMETIMES THE SALAD
SOMETIMES THE SALAD IS
WILL
WILL DID
SOMETIMES THE SALAD IS
WILL DID ALREADY
WILL DID ALREADY BECAUSE
IT
IT IS
WILL DID ALREADY BECAUSE
IT IS NOT
IT IS NOT FRESH.
FRESH.[INAUDIBLE]
FRESH.[INAUDIBLE]   SO
YOU
YOU PUT
FRESH.[INAUDIBLE]   SO
YOU PUT IT
YOU PUT IT IN
FRESH.[INAUDIBLE]   SO
YOU PUT IT IN ICE
YOU PUT IT IN ICE WATER
AND
AND THEN
YOU PUT IT IN ICE WATER
AND THEN YOU
AND THEN YOU PUT
YOU PUT IT IN ICE WATER
AND THEN YOU PUT IT
AND THEN YOU PUT IT IN
YOUR
YOUR TRAINER
AND THEN YOU PUT IT IN
YOUR TRAINER DRAIN
YOUR TRAINER DRAIN IT
AND THEN YOU PUT IT IN
YOUR TRAINER DRAIN IT YO
AND
AND THEN
YOUR TRAINER DRAIN IT YO
AND THEN YOU
AND THEN YOU (...)
>>HOST:
>>HOST: LOOK
AND THEN YOU (...)
>>HOST: LOOK AT
>>HOST: LOOK AT THE
STRAWBERRIES
STRAWBERRIES LOOK(...)
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: THE
STRAWBERRIES LOOK(...)
>>GUEST: THE DIRTIEST
PRODUCE
PRODUCE APPARENTLY
>>GUEST: THE DIRTIEST
PRODUCE APPARENTLY THERE
IS
IS RIGHT
PRODUCE APPARENTLY THERE
IS RIGHT NOW.[INAUDIBLE]
EASTERN
EASTERN STANDARD
IS RIGHT NOW.[INAUDIBLE]
EASTERN STANDARD TIME
SPEEDS
SPEEDS ON
EASTERN STANDARD TIME
SPEEDS ON THIS
SPEEDS ON THIS BANNER.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: SO
SPEEDS ON THIS BANNER.
>>HOST: SO I
>>HOST: SO I CAN
SPEEDS ON THIS BANNER.
>>HOST: SO I CAN USE
>>HOST: SO I CAN USE >
IT
IT FOR
>>HOST: SO I CAN USE >
IT FOR BLUEBERRIES
IT FOR BLUEBERRIES FOR
BLACKBERRIES
BLACKBERRIES YOU
IT FOR BLUEBERRIES FOR
BLACKBERRIES YOU CAN
BLACKBERRIES YOU CAN USE
THIS
THIS FOR
BLACKBERRIES YOU CAN USE
THIS FOR VIRTUALLY
THIS FOR VIRTUALLY (...)
THINK
THINK ABOUT
THIS FOR VIRTUALLY (...)
THINK ABOUT NAME
THINK ABOUT NAME SOME
THIS FOR VIRTUALLY (...)
THINK ABOUT NAME SOME OF
THE
THE THINGS
THINK ABOUT NAME SOME OF
THE THINGS I
THE THINGS I CAN
THINK ABOUT NAME SOME OF
THE THINGS I CAN USE
THE THINGS I CAN USE THE
THIS
THIS FOR?--
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: THE
THIS FOR?--
>>GUEST: THE SPINNER
>>GUEST: THE SPINNER >>
ANY
ANY VEGETABLES
>>GUEST: THE SPINNER >>
ANY VEGETABLES LIKE
ANY VEGETABLES LIKE KALE
BROCCOLI
BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER
ANY VEGETABLES LIKE KALE
BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER ALSO
ALSO[BACKGROUND
ALSO[BACKGROUND NOISE]
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: IT
ALSO[BACKGROUND NOISE]
>>GUEST: IT HAS
>>GUEST: IT HAS WATER
ALSO[BACKGROUND NOISE]
>>GUEST: IT HAS WATER >
IN
IN IT
>>GUEST: IT HAS WATER >
IN IT ALL
IN IT ALL THE
>>GUEST: IT HAS WATER >
IN IT ALL THE TIME
IN IT ALL THE TIME BUT
>>GUEST: IT HAS WATER >
IN IT ALL THE TIME BUT I
USE
USE IT
IN IT ALL THE TIME BUT I
USE IT AS
USE IT AS A
IN IT ALL THE TIME BUT I
USE IT AS A COLANDER
USE IT AS A COLANDER TOO
I
I JUST
USE IT AS A COLANDER TOO
I JUST DON'T
I JUST DON'T THE
USE IT AS A COLANDER TOO
I JUST DON'T THE THINGS
IN
IN HERE
I JUST DON'T THE THINGS
IN HERE SO
IN HERE SO IT
I JUST DON'T THE THINGS
IN HERE SO IT IS
IN HERE SO IT IS REALLY
EASY.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: THESE
EASY.
>>HOST: THESE 2
>>HOST: THESE 2 PIECES
THE
THE RIGHT
>>HOST: THESE 2 PIECES
THE RIGHT IN
THE RIGHT IN THE
DISHWASHER.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: YOU
DISHWASHER.
>>GUEST: YOU DO
>>GUEST: YOU DO NOT
DISHWASHER.
>>GUEST: YOU DO NOT WANT
THAT
THAT AND
>>GUEST: YOU DO NOT WANT
THAT AND I
THAT AND I KNOW
>>GUEST: YOU DO NOT WANT
THAT AND I KNOW I
THAT AND I KNOW I LIKE
BERRIES
BERRIES IN
THAT AND I KNOW I LIKE
BERRIES IN THE
BERRIES IN THE MORNING
BUT
BUT I
BERRIES IN THE MORNING
BUT I DO
BUT I DO NOT
BERRIES IN THE MORNING
BUT I DO NOT LIKE
BUT I DO NOT LIKE TO
BERRIES IN THE MORNING
BUT I DO NOT LIKE TO EAT
THE
THE WATER
BUT I DO NOT LIKE TO EAT
THE WATER SEE
THE WATER SEE THAT.
BUT I DO NOT LIKE TO EAT
THE WATER SEE THAT.  YOU
SEE
SEE ALL
THE WATER SEE THAT.  YOU
SEE ALL THE
SEE ALL THE STRAWBERRIES
DO
DO NOT
SEE ALL THE STRAWBERRIES
DO NOT HAVE
DO NOT HAVE WATER
SEE ALL THE STRAWBERRIES
DO NOT HAVE WATER THEY
HAVE
HAVE LOTS
DO NOT HAVE WATER THEY
HAVE LOTS OF
HAVE LOTS OF WATER
DO NOT HAVE WATER THEY
HAVE LOTS OF WATER TOO.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: LOOK
HAVE LOTS OF WATER TOO.
>>HOST: LOOK AT
>>HOST: LOOK AT NICE
HAVE LOTS OF WATER TOO.
>>HOST: LOOK AT NICE AND
CLEAN
CLEAN THEY
>>HOST: LOOK AT NICE AND
CLEAN THEY ARE
CLEAN THEY ARE YOU
>>HOST: LOOK AT NICE AND
CLEAN THEY ARE YOU KNOW
IF
IF YOU
CLEAN THEY ARE YOU KNOW
IF YOU REALLY
IF YOU REALLY STOP
CLEAN THEY ARE YOU KNOW
IF YOU REALLY STOP AND
THINK
THINK ABOUT
IF YOU REALLY STOP AND
THINK ABOUT WHAT
THINK ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
PUTTING
PUTTING IN
THINK ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
PUTTING IN OUR
PUTTING IN OUR BODIES
THINK ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
PUTTING IN OUR BODIES DO
YOU
YOU REALLY
PUTTING IN OUR BODIES DO
YOU REALLY WANT
YOU REALLY WANT THE
PUTTING IN OUR BODIES DO
YOU REALLY WANT THE DIRT
AND
AND ALL
YOU REALLY WANT THE DIRT
AND ALL THE
AND ALL THE THINGS
YOU REALLY WANT THE DIRT
AND ALL THE THINGS THAT
HAVE
HAVE BEEN
AND ALL THE THINGS THAT
HAVE BEEN PUT
HAVE BEEN PUT UNDER
AND ALL THE THINGS THAT
HAVE BEEN PUT UNDER FOOD
THAT
THAT HAVE
HAVE BEEN PUT UNDER FOOD
THAT HAVE NOT
THAT HAVE NOT BEEN
HAVE BEEN PUT UNDER FOOD
THAT HAVE NOT BEEN THAT
WASHED
WASHED OFF?
THAT HAVE NOT BEEN THAT
WASHED OFF? DO
WASHED OFF? DO YOU
THAT HAVE NOT BEEN THAT
WASHED OFF? DO YOU WASHE
REALLY
REALLY WANT
WASHED OFF? DO YOU WASHE
REALLY WANT TO
REALLY WANT TO PUT
WASHED OFF? DO YOU WASHE
REALLY WANT TO PUT THAT
IN
IN YOUR
REALLY WANT TO PUT THAT
IN YOUR BODY
IN YOUR BODY AND
REALLY WANT TO PUT THAT
IN YOUR BODY AND YOUR
CHILDREN'S
CHILDREN'S BODIES
IN YOUR BODY AND YOUR
CHILDREN'S BODIES --
BODIES
BODIES IN
CHILDREN'S BODIES --
BODIES IN YOUR
BODIES IN YOUR HUSBAND
CHILDREN'S BODIES --
BODIES IN YOUR HUSBAND B
OR
OR YOUR
BODIES IN YOUR HUSBAND B
OR YOUR KIDS
OR YOUR KIDS BODIES
BODIES IN YOUR HUSBAND B
OR YOUR KIDS BODIES I
MEAN
MEAN STOP
OR YOUR KIDS BODIES I
MEAN STOP AND
MEAN STOP AND THINK
OR YOUR KIDS BODIES I
MEAN STOP AND THINK MEAN
ABOUT
ABOUT IT.
MEAN STOP AND THINK MEAN
ABOUT IT.  AND
ABOUT IT.  AND TAKE
CONTROL
CONTROL OF
ABOUT IT.  AND TAKE
CONTROL OF IT
CONTROL OF IT THIS
ABOUT IT.  AND TAKE
CONTROL OF IT THIS IS
SIMPLE
SIMPLE THIS
CONTROL OF IT THIS IS
SIMPLE THIS IS
SIMPLE THIS IS EASY
CONTROL OF IT THIS IS
SIMPLE THIS IS EASY THIS
IS
IS AFFORDABLE
SIMPLE THIS IS EASY THIS
IS AFFORDABLE AT
IS AFFORDABLE AT $39.95
IF
IF YOU
IS AFFORDABLE AT $39.95
IF YOU HAVE
IF YOU HAVE THE
IS AFFORDABLE AT $39.95
IF YOU HAVE THE HSN
CHARGE
CHARGE CARD
IF YOU HAVE THE HSN
CHARGE CARD 2
CHARGE CARD 2 FLEXPAYS.
I'M
I'M GOING
CHARGE CARD 2 FLEXPAYS.
I'M GOING TO
I'M GOING TO HAVE
CHARGE CARD 2 FLEXPAYS.
I'M GOING TO HAVE A
STRAWBERRY
STRAWBERRY BECAUSE
I'M GOING TO HAVE A
STRAWBERRY BECAUSE IT'S
CLEAN
CLEAN I
STRAWBERRY BECAUSE IT'S
CLEAN I KNOW
CLEAN I KNOW THERE
STRAWBERRY BECAUSE IT'S
CLEAN I KNOW THERE CLEAN
BECAUSE
BECAUSE MARIAN
CLEAN I KNOW THERE CLEAN
BECAUSE MARIAN WASHED
THEM.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: NOW
THEM.
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK HERE
HERE
HERE WE
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK HERE
HERE WE HAVE
HERE WE HAVE THE
>>GUEST: NOW LOOK HERE
HERE WE HAVE THE SALAD
SEE
SEE IN
HERE WE HAVE THE SALAD
SEE IN THEIR
SEE IN THEIR --
HERE WE HAVE THE SALAD
SEE IN THEIR -- THERE
THERE
THERE IS
SEE IN THEIR -- THERE
THERE IS NO
THERE IS NO LIQUID.
SEE IN THEIR -- THERE
THERE IS NO LIQUID.  SEE
I
I CAN
THERE IS NO LIQUID.  SEE
I CAN BORE
I CAN BORE IT
THERE IS NO LIQUID.  SEE
I CAN BORE IT OUT.
I CAN BORE IT OUT.  LOOK
AT
AT THAT.
>>HOST:
>>HOST: THIS
AT THAT.
>>HOST: THIS WILL
CHANGE
CHANGE EVERYTHING
>>HOST: THIS WILL
CHANGE EVERYTHING ABOUT
YOUR
YOUR FOOD.
CHANGE EVERYTHING ABOUT
YOUR FOOD.  AND
YOUR FOOD.  AND MISS
CHANGE EVERYTHING ABOUT
YOUR FOOD.  AND MISS YOU
WANT
WANT TO
YOUR FOOD.  AND MISS YOU
WANT TO EAT
WANT TO EAT LET
YOUR FOOD.  AND MISS YOU
WANT TO EAT
WANT TO EAT  LETTUCE
YOUR FOOD.  AND MISS YOU
WANT TO EAT  LETTUCE AND
SOMETHING
SOMETHING THAT
WANT TO EAT  LETTUCE AND
SOMETHING THAT IS
SUPPOSEDLY
SUPPOSEDLY (...)
SOMETHING THAT IS
SUPPOSEDLY (...) AND
SUPPOSEDLY (...) AND SUP
THIS
THIS IS
SUPPOSEDLY (...) AND SUP
THIS IS THE
THIS IS THE STEP
SUPPOSEDLY (...) AND SUP
THIS IS THE STEP THAT
THIS IS THE STEP THAT TH
HAS
HAS BEEN
THIS IS THE STEP THAT TH
HAS BEEN SUPPOSEDLY
RE-WATCH.
RE-WATCH.  IMAGINE
HAS BEEN SUPPOSEDLY
RE-WATCH.  IMAGINE IF
RE-WATCH.  IMAGINE IF IT
HAS
HAS NOT
RE-WATCH.  IMAGINE IF IT
HAS NOT BEEN
HAS NOT BEEN PREWASHED.
BECAUSE
BECAUSE YOU
HAS NOT BEEN PREWASHED.
BECAUSE YOU SAW
BECAUSE YOU SAW IT
HAS NOT BEEN PREWASHED.
BECAUSE YOU SAW IT COME
RIGHT
RIGHT OUT
BECAUSE YOU SAW IT COME
RIGHT OUT OF
RIGHT OUT OF THE
CONTAINER.
CONTAINER.  WE
RIGHT OUT OF THE
CONTAINER.  WE PUT
CONTAINER.  WE PUT IT
RIGHT OUT OF THE
CONTAINER.  WE PUT IT IN
YOUR
YOUR WASHED
CONTAINER.  WE PUT IT IN
YOUR WASHED IT
YOUR WASHED IT AND
CONTAINER.  WE PUT IT IN
YOUR WASHED IT AND THIS
WAS
WAS SUPPOSEDLY
YOUR WASHED IT AND THIS
WAS SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
AND
AND THAT
WAS SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
AND THAT IS
AND THAT IS THE
WAS SUPPOSEDLY PREWASHED
AND THAT IS THE RESIDUE
FROM
FROM IT.
AND THAT IS THE RESIDUE
FROM IT. THAT
FROM IT. THAT IS
AND THAT IS THE RESIDUE
FROM IT. THAT IS WHAT
YOU'RE
YOU'RE PUTTING
FROM IT. THAT IS WHAT
YOU'RE PUTTING IN
YOU'RE PUTTING IN YOUR
BODY.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: AND
BODY.
>>GUEST: AND YOU
>>GUEST: AND YOU KNOW
BODY.
>>GUEST: AND YOU KNOW >>
THE
THE SHRIMPS
>>GUEST: AND YOU KNOW >>
THE SHRIMPS THEY
THE SHRIMPS THEY PUT
PRESERVATIVES
PRESERVATIVES AND
THE SHRIMPS THEY PUT
PRESERVATIVES AND PRESER
BISHOPS
BISHOPS LACE-UP
PRESERVATIVES AND PRESER
BISHOPS LACE-UP A
BISHOPS LACE-UP A LITTLE
BIT
BIT IN
BISHOPS LACE-UP A LITTLE
BIT IN THE
BIT IN THE WATER
BISHOPS LACE-UP A LITTLE
BIT IN THE WATER AND
BIT IN THE WATER AND BIT
THEN
THEN HE
BIT IN THE WATER AND BIT
THEN HE HAVE
THEN HE HAVE TO
BIT IN THE WATER AND BIT
THEN HE HAVE TO DRY
THEN HE HAVE TO DRY THEM
OFF
OFF IF
THEN HE HAVE TO DRY THEM
OFF IF YOU
OFF IF YOU WANT
THEN HE HAVE TO DRY THEM
OFF IF YOU WANT TO
OFF IF YOU WANT TO SAUTE
THEM
THEM IF
OFF IF YOU WANT TO SAUTE
THEM IF NOT
THEM IF NOT YOU
OFF IF YOU WANT TO SAUTE
THEM IF NOT YOU NEED
THEM IF NOT YOU NEED A
TOWEL[INAUDIBLE]
>>HOST:
>>HOST: I
TOWEL[INAUDIBLE]
>>HOST: I DID
>>HOST: I DID NOT
TOWEL[INAUDIBLE]
>>HOST: I DID NOT KNOW
PRESERVATIVES
PRESERVATIVES IN
>>HOST: I DID NOT KNOW
PRESERVATIVES IN MY
PRESERVATIVES IN MY STRI
>>HOST: I DID NOT KNOW
PRESERVATIVES IN MY STRIP
EXPRESS
EXPRESS ORDERING
PRESERVATIVES IN MY STRIP
EXPRESS ORDERING THIS
IS
IS VERY
EXPRESS ORDERING THIS
IS VERY LIMITED
IS VERY LIMITED NOW
EXPRESS ORDERING THIS
IS VERY LIMITED NOW AS
WELL
WELL IF
IS VERY LIMITED NOW AS
WELL IF YOU
WELL IF YOU WANT
IS VERY LIMITED NOW AS
WELL IF YOU WANT TO
$39.95.
$39.95.  YOU
WELL IF YOU WANT TO
$39.95.  YOU NOT
$39.95.  YOU NOT ONLY
WANT
WANT YOU
$39.95.  YOU NOT ONLY
WANT YOU ABSOLUTELY
NEEDED.
>>GUEST:
>>GUEST: JUST
NEEDED.
>>GUEST: JUST FOR
>>GUEST: JUST FOR A
NEEDED.
>>GUEST: JUST FOR A GOOD
SALAD
SALAD SUMMER
>>GUEST: JUST FOR A GOOD
SALAD SUMMER IS
SALAD SUMMER IS COMING
>>GUEST: JUST FOR A GOOD
SALAD SUMMER IS COMING S
UP
UP YOU
SALAD SUMMER IS COMING S
UP YOU WANT
UP YOU WANT TO
SALAD SUMMER IS COMING S
UP YOU WANT TO COOK
UP YOU WANT TO COOK MORE
MAKE
MAKE MORE
UP YOU WANT TO COOK MORE
MAKE MORE SALAD
MAKE MORE SALAD MAKE
UP YOU WANT TO COOK MORE
MAKE MORE SALAD MAKE MAK
MORE
MORE FRUITS
MAKE MORE SALAD MAKE MAK
MORE FRUITS YOU
MORE FRUITS YOU REALLY